{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12720\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Class Agenda: User Journeys & Experience Maps\
**Date**: Week 3  \
**Time**: 5:30 PM - 8:00 PM\
\
---\
\
## 5:30 PM - 5:40 PM | **Welcome & Small Talk**\
   - Brief informal conversation to ease into the class.\
   - Open the floor for any questions or feedback about the **Flow Chart Assignment**.\
   - Address any common issues or clarifications on the assignment.\
\
## 5:40 PM - 5:50 PM | **Flow Chart Assignment Q&A**\
   - Quick review of the flow chart assignment.\
   - Answer student-specific questions or challenges they may have encountered.\
   - Provide guidance and tips for finalizing the flow chart.\
\
## 5:50 PM - 6:40 PM | **Lecture & Large Discussion: User Journeys and Experience Maps**\
   - **Lecture (15 min)**:\
     - Introduction to user journeys and experience maps.\
     - Key differences, purposes, and how they fit into the design process.\
   - **Discussion (25 min)**:\
     - Use prepared questions to stimulate a class-wide discussion on journey maps vs. experience maps.\
     - Encourage students to think critically about the role of personas, touchpoints, and customer emotions.\
     - Key discussion prompts: \
       - How do user journeys and experience maps help improve user experiences?\
       - What role do emotions play in these maps?\
       - When would you use one tool over the other?\
\
## 6:40 PM - 7:20 PM | **Workshop: Rough Draft of Experience Maps**\
   - **Instructions (5 min)**: \
     - Explain the expectations for creating a rough draft of their experience maps for the project due on **October 7**.\
     - Emphasize the importance of mapping out user touchpoints, emotions, and stages of interaction.\
   - **Work Session (45 min)**: \
     - Students work individually or in small groups on rough drafts of their experience maps.\
     - Walk around the room to provide feedback and answer questions as they work.\
\
## 7:20 PM - 7:50 PM | **Peer Review & Feedback Session**\
   - Encourage students to pair up or form small groups to share their rough drafts.\
   - Each student presents their experience map draft and receives constructive feedback from peers.\
   - Use this time to give students additional tips or insights based on common challenges.\
\
## 7:50 PM - 8:00 PM | **Wrap-Up & Next Steps**\
   - Summarize key takeaways from the discussion on user journeys and experience maps.\
   - Remind students of the upcoming deadlines and expectations for their experience map project due **October 7**.\
   - Quick review of next week\'92s class topic.\
   - Dismissal at 8:00 PM.}